next we are going we're going on the
road we're going to Brooklyn New York
for five shows at the Brooklyn Academy
of Music and we have an unbelievable
guest list which includes Eddie Murphy
Bruce Springsteen Bernie Sanders John
Krasinski Benedict Cumberbatch Kelly
Ripa Alicia Keys and many many more and
to raise awareness of this important
visit we sent our goodwill ambassador
Guillermo on a road trip he is making
his way across the country tonight the
Guillermo Biel is in Pittsburgh at the
great sandwich shop for manthie brothers
in the original
Guillermo Guillermo can you hear me
tonight
yeah Jimmy how's it Hey yeah how was the
ride from Chicago to Pittsburgh it was
good it was only nine hours what's your
favorite thing about the bus I know you
fall in love with that bus not being
given up I heard your doctor told you to
lose 10 pounds before Halloween how's
that going well I was doing good about
this to my boss to send me in this trip
and next week New York terrible well
that's a hell of a way to celebrate
boss's day Guillermo now Guillermo zwip
where's Tony Tony's the manager of the
restaurant how long you been managing
the restaurant Tony only 45 years oh my
goodness and it's business typically
like this yes yes easy please show us
what makes the classic Primanti Brothers
sandwich which I have enjoyed there in
person myself show us what makes it
special there Tony we're because we put
where it's an Italian bread you're my
white you molesting Tony won't in ten
points today to eat a cup of this
sandwich yeah maybe 11 pounds sure now
that's the sandwich ostrich are
different because it's an Italian bread
yeah and we have pastrami with provolone
cheese yeah and you've got the fries the
me the cheese the fried the first run
the tomatoes Oh who decided to put the
fries on he's gonna take a big bite yeah
take a big bite gear
[Applause]
so you got a lot of customers and also
we've got Pittsburgh royalty in the in
the house the legendary lounge singer
Frankie Capri is there right Guillermo
[Applause]
Frankie Bragi do you have a song maybe
to get the crowd going yeah the
Pittsburgh song where you had an ex
Guillermo before Frankie gets into the
song I'll be there tomorrow Philadelphia
Philadelphia tomorrow
[Applause]
right now bring me one of those
sandwiches will ya sure our motto - well
- of course yes alright thank you Tony
take it away Frankie
[Music]
[Applause]
a kind of prize there's Bragg alright
thanks for watching if you liked that
video click the subscribe button and if
you didn't like it will you hurt my
feelings